Categories 2017:
1. The Earth and Us: use NASA Earth Science data with socio and economic info. Impact on human-environmental interactions.
2. Planetary Blues: use NASA hydrosphere and cryosphere (water and ice) data. analyze and visualize.
3. Warning! Danger Ahead: use NASA data to monitor natural disaster, health and life risk due to disasters.
4. Our Ecological Neighbours: use NASA earth science data to know ecological systems of Earth and understand life.
5. Ideate and Create: use NASA Earth science data and design new ways to use data.

1. App Name: Ice Detector (or whatever :/ )
Category: Planetary Blues
Details: 
Use NASA data of where ice glaciers are located on the earth. Fix location of glaciers in the globe. 3D globe will be created.
Users can zoom in and out, point at the blue frozen areas to see the area and current state of the ice glaciers. We can also add 
pictures for some places.

-Filters to see ice amount in a certain place [in km square or something or other units]
-Filters to see tempratures of areas.
-See different levels of glaciers for past 10 years [2006-2016]
-Globe will be divided country wise. 
-Clicking the specific area of a country user can see details of places where ice glaciers are located.[dotted]
-Can add pictures of glaciers country wise [optional] 


2. App Name: Meltdown Counter
Category: Planetary Blues
Details:
Use NASA data of ice meltdown every year. Data of ice meltdown as the impact of global warming. The rate of ice meltdown will be 
shown as a statistical graph of the last few years/by location. There will be predictions of future meltdown according to data.
Plus we can add map to show maximum or minimum ice melting range in the globe.we can also add earth temperature in the globe
and show how this temperature is affecting that areas to melt the ice.

3. App Name: Disaster Range  
Category: Warning! Danger Ahead
Details:
We will collect data of natural disasters (cyclone,earthquake,floods etc) of the last few years. Then we will implement those
data in the globe to show these things:
Deaths due to natural disaster in a specific place / users can search also specific year for that place.
Total $ loss due to the disaster
Parts of a location to see which disaster mostly occur in those places
Countdown of natural disasters: filtering the globe with eartjquake will show places with earthquake records. The most earthquake
areas will be red - the least to green. 
- search by location means search by country. 
- search by years means can get results for atleast 10 years later. 